Different implementations:
**particleFilter.py**: v1, demo using 10 particles, repopulation at 5 particles. normal distribution noise in measurements. Takes in GPS and mag measurement, and has no data on how "historically accurate" each particle has been. 
**particleFilter2.py**: Want to include historical accuracy, as we know the data is in a noral distribution, and what that distribution is. So, will maintain how far off each particle has been in the past, and use that to generate the particle weights. This unfortunately doesn't work as well as predicted, as "bad" particles still stay in the range. Might be better to do a calculation, as to how likely a particle is based on the normal distribution.
**particleFilter3.py**: Back to v1 (no history), but will use the "likelihood" of this particle, given the normal distribution and the measurement. 
**particleFilter4.py**: Include weighting from v3, but also have history. Here we will be trying to fit the distribution. Maintain how far off we have been from the measurement, and assign weight based off of our normal distribution, relative to the one we know the noise has...
**particleFilter5.py**: Here, we have the same weighting (v4), but change the way randomness is added. FOr now, no randomness added to the input, but each particle gets some randomness to the state when it gets repopulated.
**notes for future implementations**: Use RW noise model, get better prune/repopulate strategies that maybe rely on relative weight as opposed to an absolute weight. change where to add randomness. Genetic signature of particles (can have different randomness added at different places). 